Change default auth for experimental backend to deny_all (#9611)
mistercrunch/Airflow: UPDATING.md

}
```

### Experimental API will deny all request by default.

The previous default setting was to allow all API requests without authentication, but this poses security
risks to users who miss this fact. This changes the default for new installs to deny all requests by default.

**Note**: This will not change the behavior for existing installs, please update check your airflow.cfg

If you wish to have the experimental API work, and aware of the risks of enabling this without authentication

> (or if you have your own authentication layer in front of Airflow) you can get the old back on a new install
> by setting this in your airflow.cfg:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(or if you have your own authentication layer in front of Airflow) you can get the previous behaviour back on a new install
by setting this in your airflow.cfg:
```
